Throughout this course, we will use the so-called Wired Brain Coffee scenario.
Wired Brain Coffee is a company that runs several coffee shops around the world.
Now they want a new coffee shop information tool that they
can use to find out how many kilograms of coffee beans a
specific coffee shop has in stock.
They ask you to build this coffee shop information tool.
But now worries, I will help you.
We will build this together in this course.
What they want from us is actually this console app.
As you can see, it says it's the Wired Brain Coffee - Shop Info Tool.
You can write help to list the available coffee shop commands and
you can right-click to exit the application.
So let's just enter help, and now you can see the available coffee shop commands.
Frankfurt, Freiburg, and Munich.
Let's enter frankfurt here and let's hit Enter.
Now you can see that the coffee shop in Frankfurt has 107 kg of coffee
beans in stock and they have also 350 paper cups in stock.
To exit the application, you just enter quit and hit Enter.
So this is what we will build.
So now let me show you the planned architecture.
We will create a .NET Core console app that is
called WiredBrainCoffee.ShopInfoTool.
This app will use a .NET Standard class library to
load the data about the coffee shops.
The WiredBrainCoffee.DataAccess library generates the data about the coffee
shops in memory so that you don't have to set up anything else,
like, for example, a database to get this sample running.
This solution is very simple,
but it's great to learn how to use Git in Visual Studio.
You will learn how to create a Git repository for this solution.
We will create the Git repository locally on my machine with my user account.
Then we will push it to a Git service so that the repository is also there.
As you know, Git is a distributed version control system,
which means in this case that you have the full repository locally and remotely.
A well-known Git service it GitHub.
But in this course, we don't use GitHub.
Instead, we use Azure DevOps.
But the concepts that you will learn apply to any Git service.
Now,
working with just my user account won't show you the typical
workflow and scenarios that you have when multiple developers
are working on a project with Git.
But I have good news for you.
Throughout this course, there is another developer in our team.
I'm happy to introduce you to Julia Developer.
Julia with clone the Git repository from Azure DevOps to her machine.
Throughout this course,
we will either work at Thomas or as Julia so that you can see both perspectives.
With these two user accounts,
you will learn how to handle different Git scenarios in Visual Studio.
Let me show you now the course outline so that you
know how this course is structured.
In this first module,
you will learn how to create a Git repository and how to
push it to Azure DevOps as user Thomas.
You will also learn how to clone the Git repository
from Azure DevOps with the user Julia.
In the next module,
you will learn how to commit changes and how to synchronize your local
repository with a remote repository by pushing and pulling commits.
You will also learn how to handle merge conflicts in Visual Studio.
Next, you will learn how to work with branches and tags.
You will learn how to create a branch in Visual Studio so
that you can work isolated on a feature.
You will also learn how to merge your feature branch back to the master branch.
I will also show you in this module how to create tags.
In the next module,
you will learn how to create and review pull requests directly in Visual Studio.
When we will start with the last module of this course,
the coffee shop info tool will be done.
You will learn in this module how to view the history of your code.
I will show you how to view the history of a file,
how to compare changes of two commits,
and how to use CodeLens in Visual Studio to find out more
about the history of a specific code part.
In all these modules, the Wired Brain Coffee scenario is used with the two users,
Thomas and Julia.
Now, in this current module,
you will learn how to set up exactly this structure that you see on this slide.
Let's start in the next clip with my user account and let's create a new local Git repository with Visual Studio.